Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Ivon Man
with David and Glenn.
>> Good morning. Let's get to your top
stories today. Stocks across the Asia
Pacific on the up after optimism about
Fed interest rate cuts are driving US
shares near record highs.
>> Investors watching for a possible
breakout in Hong Kong's tech gauge in
the opening minutes as well after
Chinese stocks in the US hit a six-month
high. Also ahead, Indonesia's new
finance minister in the spotlight with a
sudden removal of his predecessor,
sparking investor concerns about the
country's fiscal outlook.
>> And Chinese President Xi Jinping urges
BRIC nations to unite in the face of
tariffs, saying trade wars were
disrupting the global economy.
[Music]
Good Tuesday morning. Welcome to the
program. And the story today is really
similar to the moves we had yesterday.
Certainly with the Nikki 225 doing
similar moves to the upside yesterday as
you can see extending uh that rally
that's doing enough really to lift the
benchmark. Of course, you're getting
also some support coming through out of
the big tech names like Taiwan and
certainly tech will be very much in
focus as the Chinese market opens up.
And I'll show you some of the big moves
that we had in the overnight session. Uh
S&P futures as you can see were flat
right now. Following of course
relatively decent session of course
overnight. Okay. U perhaps underpinning
this move back into risk back into EM
back into the Asia Pacific is the dollar
index Bloomberg dollar index actually
hitting a six-w week low. In fact it's
taking out some key levels uh to the
downside on BBDXY. So as you can see a
nice round number 1 1200 has also been
taken out there. Uh the other thing to
track as well is this big relatively big
move to the downside or flattening of
the curve 530s overnights. The tens are
coming up on your screens very very
short if you're curious where we are. I
think it's 404 was the last quote on the
10-year yield. There we go. 4445. Uh
okay, as promised the golden dragon
index you have bu I think it's have
Alibaba and JD.com if memory serves me
correctly. Yes, there we go. Thank you
so much. And these are some of the names
we'll be tracking going into the open
today. Apart from this insurance,
healthc care city upgrading that on the
back of some policy support and going
into the open today we are looking at a
decent and I'm being extremely generous
with that uh 179 and of course dollar
china on the back of dollar weakness uh
took out 712 and of course the fixing
has been hovering near lows going back
to about November of last year and don't
be surprised if we get something similar
and of course this rally in focus with
the southbond I think it's seven days
now Ivon going coming back here into
Hong Kong
>> seven days of net buying there is quite
a streak and certainly one to watch,
right? You talked about Alibaba, you
talked about BU. Those two stocks really
have been the number one choice for a
lot of investors out there here right
now. We'll talk about that a little bit
later on, but yes, we're watching some
key levels for HStech as well. The
breakouts that we've been seeing, we'll
be talking to CLSA Lawrence Balanco
about that as well. What he's seeing
technically NBC committee, that's
certainly one thing. The yen fix as
well, one thing to watch just given we
have seen when it comes to the offshore
rate there is about 100 pips below the
close for the onshore rate. So might we
get some push back from the central bank
today at the fixing? We are in that
window for credit data of course the the
trade data yesterday uh did show a bit
of of course weakness once again when it
comes to exports and really what we've
been seeing in terms of US orders as
well. Uh and then we have stocks right
we talk about tech Cricorn SMIC a shares
all in focus today the A shares for SMIC
resuming trading later on today. So
certainly that's one thing to watch here
as well. Keep in mind there's also a
press briefing at the top of the hour uh
when it comes to anti-involution. So
certainly one thing to watch uh in the
next hour as well. But it brings us you
know to the whole discussion about where
we are in this equity rally especially
when it comes to the US right I believe
there's been what 21 all-time highs
already JP Morgan the trading desk had a
very interesting call but if we in fact
see the Fed deliver with that rate cut
next week perhaps we might see a bit of
a pullback here. Yeah, maybe a sell in
the news wouldn't be a big surprise
given the fact that all the unknowns
right now. Well, all the knowns are
being factored in rate cuts and of
course you've had this rally concerns
over over concentration in valuation. So
>> it's I mean we could I'm not saying we
won't get a catalyst but it's not
visible at this point in time. Although
you look at the other side of the trade
with the dollar moving to the downside
and you are getting more signs of you
know a breakout in many parts excluding
the United States I guess is the point
there.
>> Yep. Okay. Certainly that's one to watch
as well as Indonesia of course right
with the ouster of the finance minister
yesterday we certainly saw Indonesia
assets react to that just the rumor
itself uh that's before markets close so
we'll see when Jakarta opens up this
morning as well let's bring in Mark
Cranfield MI strategist he joins us now
from Singapore uh Mark you know
obviously there's a lot of talk of where
we are in this US equity rally maybe you
can chime in on this whole JP Morgan
debate on whether we're we're we're
heading into a Fed rate cut at a time
when it's the worst month of the year
for US equities seasonally speaking
here. Might that be a risk?
>> Um I wouldn't be surprised if they
there's something in in what they're
saying in the sense that there's
probably going to be a knee-jerk sell
off that once the ones the Fed actually
unless they go by 50. Uh let's assume
they go by 25 which is fully priced into
the market by now. You wouldn't be
surprised if the market sell off a
little bit in a typical knee-jerk
reaction the fact that it's actually
happened. However, this time around,
the outside voices are going to be
pushing the Fed for more rate cuts.
Whatever they do in September is
unlikely to be the end of the story. So,
if there is a pullback in US equities,
it's probably going to be pretty shallow
because the the voice is the narrative
is going to be that the Fed still has a
lot more to do given the data that we're
seeing on the unemployment situation in
America. You can say what you like about
whether the data quality is good or not.
That's what people have to go with. They
That's all the Fed and economists can
see is the data that's being produced
there. And that clearly is getting much
weaker. It's doesn't look as though it's
going to turn around anytime soon. So,
we can expect that the poor employment
report you we've just seen is not the
end of the story. There's going to be
more of those coming along the line and
that's going to keep the pressure on the
Federal Reserve to push for even lower
rates. So that narrative about the the
Fed story driving the equity market that
is going to be with us for some time.
It's going to be helping the bond market
as well, keeping the US dollar lower as
you were talking about earlier. All of
those things coming together mean that
there isn't likely to be a significant
correction to US equities for some time.
They can keep this rally going probably
towards the end of the year.
>> Mark, there's a lot of talk now about
what we're seeing across these markets
in Asia, right? I'm talking 44,000 level
that we've broken above for the NIK225.
China, you know, tech continues to see
continued gains and momentum. Southbound
flows have been up for seven straight
days now in terms of net buying. Are we
seeing a bit of a breakout in some of
these markets that you know people are
really starting to notice now?
>> Yeah. And and there you are. I mean, if
you are at all nervous about the
valuation levels in the United States,
you have very real alternatives here in
in Asia. You have Japan and China, two
very large markets that can absorb a lot
of money and the the yen is relatively
undervalued. The Chinese yuan to some
extent east is but at least the central
bank is keeping it on an upward path.
From a foreign for foreign investors
point of view, both of those markets
have a lot going for them. So if you are
thinking that it's time to move some
money away from North America, clearly
China and Japan are a pretty compelling
story and they probably on a global
basis don't look as though they're
overvalued at all. So they there could
well be more to go on both of those
markets.
>> Uh Steven Jen from Urzen had a pretty
interesting take about the strength that
we're seeing in the Chinese currency. He
says look six could be on the horizon
for dollar China here given that you
know policy makers are feeling the
pressure to maintain a stronger
currency. It six seems a bit ambitious.
I mean does that look realistic to you
at all Mark?
>> That would be a very long-term horizon.
The the PBC is being pretty careful
here. It's very gradual incremental
movements that you're seeing that the
way they're shifting the daily fixing.
It's by pretty modest amounts. It's a
very um the process seems to be very
calibrated. They've still got to talk
with tariffs with the United States.
Just because they've got a pause at the
moment doesn't mean to say that those
talks couldn't be restarted at any time.
United States suddenly could change
their mind and want to talk again. So,
it's a delicate situation for China.
Plus, they're trying to to move their
economy away from US consumers as well
into other areas. They wouldn't want to
strengthen the yuan too quickly. To get
to six will take a very It doesn't mean
to say it can't happen, but it will take
a very, very long time. I don't think
it's anything that you would make a
traders won't be betting on it reaching
six, let's say, in the next few months.
They might in the next 5 years, but
that's the kind of timeline that we're
talking about. The PBC is very
comfortable with gradually moving the
currency, but they probably don't even
have a particular target in mind. They
just want to keep it strong and stable
and keep it on that path.
>> Yep. All right, Mark. Thank you, Mark
Cranfield there. We'll see how that fix
plays out here later later on today. Um,
as we were talking about, right, is it
time to look outside the US and we are
starting to see uh potential momentum in
really these big markets, right? We talk
about the tech space, talk about Japan
here as well. That's why we're here in
CSA. They're saying it's time to rotate
out of US. If you're wondering whether
it's time to kind of spill over to uh
small caps in the US and whether this
rally can broaden out, they said no,
focus on internationalization of what
we're seeing across asset allocation.
Right now, breakouts in Asia are
continuing. Let's bring in Lawrence
Balanco, technical analyst at CLSA, and
they say, look, unleash the dragon,
Dave. We have the dragon himself, I
guess.
>> Lawrence Blanco joining us today. Yeah,
the long himself in Mandarin. Of course,
Lawrence Milano is here to really I
think you know the thesis is really I
think you and Mark just really laid it
out quite nicely, right? The weakness in
the dollar. Yes, you're getting highs in
the US market, but you're also getting
to highs across many parts of the world,
right? And when you look at uh and
Laura's going to bring you in here,
right? So what we've done is we've put
this chart that you've highlighted in
that report unleashing the dragon. It's
a ratio between uh world xus correct
>> and spy and as you can see this has
broken the hearts of many em investors
over the years.
>> Absolutely of pain.
>> Yes.
>> So why why why is this time different?
Well, I think the important chart is
also the dollar index where we've seen a
clear breakdown below the 90 uh sorry
the 100 uh support area and that
suggests that you've seen the dollar put
in a major 14-year peak or for a bull
market. So I think part of the
attraction to international markets is
this weakening trend of the dollar and
then the chart that you're looking at on
the screen here you know does highlight
the 23% outperformance by the rest of
world markets from the start of this
year. We had a bit of a pullback from
April to August, but that has hooked up
and it's actually stayed above the 200
day moving average. So, we've got all
the evidence building that we're getting
these confirmed train changes in
longerterm trends. So, I think that's
the important chart to to bear in mind
besides the absolute price action which
is quite exciting to talk about too.
>> Yeah. And you know what we didn't put in
but to your point right there's a moving
average that's actually quite noteworthy
here that's it's actually bounced off
that. Correct. if you could explain that
that that purple circle for us in a
moment here and what that actually means
the breakout and yes we do have a moving
average that's actually not there but
what is the significance of this move
and why is it different from what we've
seen from other parts of the
>> so so basically we've got this 200 day
which we tested in in August early
August we've bounced off that so if we
think of the behavioral uh psychology
behind this move is that bids are now
declines are getting bought uh in the
rest of world markets relative to the
S&P so we're getting a change in that
behavior and this also represents the
change in the downtrend that you've had
for 15 years where we starting to get
this series of higher lows develop
developing. So there's a bit more
evidence that I think some investors do
want to see but the evidence that we
gathering from the dollar index from the
relative charts and the absolute charts
of international markets is encouraging
that this is a sustainable and
significant shift uh from a global
standpoint and allocation standpoint.
>> Yeah, there we go. More evidence as
Lawrence is pointing out is in the
report. We'll talk more about the
evidence in a moment here. For now,
Lawrence making the case. It's more a
breakout than a fake out. Lawrence Balan
will be joining us, of course, out of a
technical analyst there. Ivon,
>> we love when Lawrence is in town because
he stands there and he tells it like it
is. All right. Uh, we're going to turn
to our top story here this morning. We
we'll catch you later, Lawrence. Uh, the
latest when it comes to Indonesia, of
course, after its finance chief was
removed from office, and you saw how
markets sort of reacted. Uh, before that
official announcement, there was some
rumors that she would be removed. So, we
did already see the JCI uh fall as well.
We did also see uh when it comes to the
currency, there was some initial
strength. We came off that a little bit
here as well, but certainly there's a
lot of questions about what this cabinet
reshuffleling means. Uh let's bring in
Ferris, Ferris Mock there. He's joining
us with the latest. Ferris, tell us why
this cabinet reshuffle happened in the
first place and why do you think uh
Moani was replaced?
>> Yes, Ivon. So what basically is the
trigger was the deadly protest some two
weeks ago which rocked capital city
Jakarta as well as other parts of
Indonesia. Protesters had voiced
grievances ranging from the lavish
lifestyles of the politicians to rising
cost. Now with this cabinet reshuffle
what President Prao Sububanto who is
actually going to mark his first year
anniversary as leader of Southeast
Asia's largest economy next month is
trying to show the Indonesian people
that he is listening to them that he
understands where they are coming from
and he's trying to correct the course of
his administration. Now with the
replacement of finance minister Sri
Molani as you pointed out there have
been speculations and rumors about her
stepping down even since the start of
this year and it finally happened and
the market still digesting the news. Now
with her replacement, the key question
would be is Indonesia losing someone who
has for a decade or more guard
intensively
the fiscal discipline of Indonesia and
that is something that the markets will
watch with the new finance minister
coming in.
Yeah, and Ferris David here and I think
the just rumors of this eventually
happening and it did of course led to
the the drop in the JCI yesterday. I
think the first thing I looked at this
morning when I woke up was that ETF in
the US and similar I think 2.4% declines
and I think the point you're making is
quite significant and material. You know
what
should markets expect from this new
finance minister to maybe ease some of
the nerves out there?
Well, the key thing is that you know the
difference between the new finance
minister and the previous finance
minister Shri Mulyani is in terms of the
international standing. Sri Molani you
know is is respected internationally and
also at home. The new finance minister
doesn't have that international heft yet
but he does have standing at home. Uh he
does have credentials. He's a trained
economist. He has worked for former
senior minister Luhood Panchayatan who's
arguably the most effective minister
under President Jooko Widooo or his
better known as Jookoi's administration
and uh he assured uh the public
yesterday when he spoke to reporters he
said that he's a markets person he
understand the market but what the
markets and and foreign investors and
the business community will look out for
will
Can he hold firm? Can he stand firm in
terms of managing the fiscal on on the
back of President Prao's expensive uh
policies uh which which are really quite
costly. Can he hold firm or will he bow
down to pressure from the president?
That that will be a key marker. And so
going forward in the coming days, in the
coming months, every comments, every
moves will be scrutinized by by markets
and investors to see whether you know he
passed the test.
>> All right, Ferris, lots to look ahead to
certainly not withstanding of course
markets today. Ferris McKar there, our
Southeast Asia global business reporter
on the latest. facts on this at about
the time the market opens in Jakarta.
We'll be speaking with the OCBC's OCBC
senior Azian economist on really where
we go with this story uh from here right
counting down to the open of trade 13
minutes away Shanghai Shenzhen here in
Hong Kong again as we're reporting out
are we looking at a breakout today
possibly this is Bloomberg
[Music]
your remedy fix just crossing the
terminal here this morning and it is a
strong one. We're talking about 7108
against the dollar here today. So, uh
certainly it is the strongest fix we've
seen since November 6. So, Dave, I
believe you were crunching the numbers.
It's it's the I think the third time
we've seen such a strong fix from the
central bank. Yeah, if you take um if
you look back I think at the last what
is it now? So it's September 9. Um if
you take it back about 11 months, we've
only had three fixes at around a 710
handle today. One was during the US
elections the week of and I think the
week before. So it's fairly significant
that in that regard when you look at the
chart here of of the fixing of the day.
>> Yeah. And certainly one thing to watch
here, you know, we were just talking
about that sort of call about six,
right? I mean obviously that might be a
long shot given what Mark was talking
about but you have the likes of Deutsche
Bank you have the likes of Bank of
America saying sub7 is actually possible
in the medium term here uh given what
we've been seeing with the dollar
weakness and of course you know the the
pressure to kind of keep the currency
strong.
>> Yeah as well.
>> Yeah absolutely. Okay, so let's let's
let's look at what that means really,
right? Because the the dollar weakness
really underscores many a thesis out
there uh when you look at what's
happening equity markets and uh let's
continue the conversation with Lawrence
Balano uh technical analyst at CLSA. He
still joins us here on set to talk us
through. So we've laid out the thesis
around there might be a case that
finally you know exus outperforms the
US. Y
>> overnight there was a big move in
Alibaba, BU, I mean name your Chinese
tech firm, right? Talk to us about K
web. Where do we go next as far as that
that that that story is concerned?
>> Yes, we're basically reinforcing the
breakout from the 2023 to 2024 basing
pattern. Uh and we've recently broken
out of the trading range that formed
from the October 2024 highs. Basically,
the bottom line is we've got another 36%
upside. We think KWE can trade over $50.
And you know like you mentioned Alibaba
post it results really reinforced its
uptrend and breakout from the
consolidation pattern that you seen
since March. You know in my presentation
that I did yesterday to clients you have
about six seven slides where you just
can flip through a number of these
internet stocks that declined from 2021
spent 23 to 24 basing out and we've now
emerged from those basing patterns and
those are major basing patterns. Some of
them suggest these stocks can trade up
another 100%. So they they made major
bases in the China internet names.
>> That's amazing. Um you you mentioned
it's day one of the conference
yesterday.
>> Yeah.
>> Are people getting more interested into
this market given this equity rally,
this bull run we've seen so far?
>> Yeah. I mean it's it's been great to see
more international investors coming
through relooking at China, you know,
having been underweight for for a number
of years and and even some clients that
were in Japan last week are saying, you
know, that's where we went to while
China was underperforming and now we
gain the other way taking some money
from Japan. even not that I think you
know the charts in Japan are bad. We've
actually got major breakouts in Japan
too. Um but as that incremental dollar
and I do think it's trying to find a
home in China right now.
>> Okay. Yeah, we'll have more with uh
>> we have more. He's sticking around
>> and just giving sprinkling us all his
expertise and charts throughout the
shows here. Loris Blanco, technical
analyst at CLSA. Take a look when it
comes to the premark here this morning.
It looks like we are still seeing a
pretty decent kind of showing when it
comes to there's a trading debut in Hong
Kong as well. Dahong Tech,
>> we will talk to you about that as well.
Hang is up about a third of 1%. We talk
about that strongest fix since November
here from the PBOC. We're at 712 levels
for your offshore rate. We got plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Some stocks to watch at the open. We're
still watching the China tech space as
well. There you go. Alibaba is up
another day as well. We're up some 1%.
Uh, you know, this has clearly become
the favorite among a lot of investors
out there. The potential for AI for this
company has really started the stock
into quite a darling here. $1.7 billion
worth of Alibaba shares last week were
traded through the connect, right? So
spending more than any other stock is
according to our Bloomberg calculations.
So BU is probably pretty close to that
sort of metric as well. And we are
seeing Tensson and JD doing very well as
well here today. And of course we also
have uh let's talk about bikes, foldable
bikes.
>> Foldable bikes.
>> Dave,
>> here's your Mandarin word for the day.
Just because I have to buy some time.
That bike is about 10 seconds right now.
Uh on the up there we go on the upswing.
We're up 50% on this trading debut here
uh in the city. I mean, you just do the
reverse math from where it's trading
right now and you get the IPO price for
that. But yeah, I mean, this is
certainly underscores again for one
what's been a red hot piping hot equity
financing market here. And number two,
of course, have been the flows which
underscores of course the earlier point
you were making on a seventh day of
South Mountain. And hopefully at some
point that alleviates also the upward
pressure we've seen on highore which is
now a 34%. That's a separate
conversation.
>> Yeah. And then you have you know the
strength in the remman that also creates
this whole kind of positive feedback
loop in these equity markets as well.
Right. So there you go. Hangen is up
about a third of 1% as well. HS Tech is
what really is driving that charge here
as well. And we'll continue to watch
eight shares as well. Potential breakout
uh for the eight share market as well
coming up. You're watching the China
show. The open is next. This is Wilbur.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome back. You're
watching the China show and wow, okay,
we've we've turned slightly south on A50
futures, but as you can see in Hanging
Index, I'm guessing this is down to some
big tech stocks leading the way to the
upside here 257 310 to 1%. I'm looking
underneath the hood. But yeah, we are
looking at again this divergence and
this reversal of roles because it's been
an Asia market for several weeks up
until recently and now it seems to be
the eight shares are rearing their
beautiful heads.
>> They're coming back. Yeah.
>> Uh, you got to thank Alibaba for that. I
think it's really the tech space that's
really driving it this way where you
have, you know, the number of of people
really plowing this sort of money into
the likes of Alibaba, BYU that certainly
have really lifted this market and as
you mentioned, right, seven days of net
buying on southbound flows. That
certainly does show momentum is on our
side when it comes to the H share and
HSI here this morning. And maybe that's
why we're seeing a bit of a pullback
when it comes to onshore markets here
right now. So CSI 300, we're down about
4/10en of 1%. Uh bonds are slightly in
the green but not moving too much as
well. But we're watching very closely.
Oo, SMIC a shares are down 10%. Uh they
are resuming trade in the eight share
market. We'll see how that fares. But
you are seeing quite a bit of a drop
there when it comes to chipmaker here
this morning. I mean these were such big
moves that we're seeing in some of these
domestic chip players of late. So maybe
there it is excuse there uh for some
profit taking today. Capricorn tech is
also down just marginally by about a
third of 1%. Uh we're watching very
closely what goes on in Hong Kong. I
mean given what we've been seeing uh
there is a trading debut there. We're
talking about Dahin Tech. This is the
the world one of the world's biggest I
think bike makers there foldable bikes
in particular the best performing one
today.
>> I mean yeah you talk about the first day
of school is looking really good uh for
the bike maker as well and there it's
kind of it's a new genre right I think
it's called leisure firms leisure
leisure firms I was reading um there in
the Hong Kong market. So certainly one
thing to watch as well. Uh HSC is up a
third of 1%. There you Alibaba's up what
one and a half% once again. 10-centent
is also doing quite well. Bu unchanged
maidto heading opposite direction. So is
Xiaomi. So it's a bit of a mixed picture
here as well. But we are continuing to
see some inflows into of course the
eight share market. We're flat but
watching some key levels there as well.
Uh eight shares are up about 10.1%. Uh
you take a look the fixing today was the
strongest since November. So there is
still that that bias I guess you could
say for maybe some slight appreciation
in the currency. Uh we're at 712 levels
here right now. And we're watching very
closely some movers like Apple
suppliers, right? I don't know. I think
it's 1:00 a.m. Hong Hong Kong time.
We're we're hearing from Apple with this
big product event. Uh expected to reveal
the newest iPhone model talking about
17, right?
>> Is it 17 now?
>> So, the rumor is it's a slimmer version
and there's going to be improvements in
battery capacity and a the front-facing
camera. So, just some slight sort of
hints that we've been seeing uh from our
Mark German and of course our team
there. But yeah, we've been seeing a lot
of these Apple suppliers rally in the
back of this. We're seeing a little bit
of that coming off here today as well,
but Lux Share has been certainly the
standout among some of those Apple
suppliers of late. Um, China Health
Insurance, interesting call there as
well, uh, from the likes of cities. So,
they're saying given this sort of 5-year
plan, anti-involution and the like, you
know, the one place to look at really is
China health and insurance stocks. So
they've upgraded or at least looking at
specific stocks like Djiang Su Hungre,
Fosan Pharma, China Life, and Pinga
Insurance in particular there as
potential beneficiaries of course of
this 5-year plan.
>> Glad you brought that up because top of
the next hour of course we have this uh
briefing that we're looking ahead to and
we we'll see what they say. chorus will
they they're talking about how uh the
this anti-involution conversation that's
taking place and maybe some of the
advancements in new industrialization
>> city was talking about aging population
and increasing insurance needs
>> okay
>> as part of this sort of plan that's why
they're looking into this
>> oh there's your alpha there's your alpha
we'll see what they say and of course
Goldman will be also joining us next
hour to help us unpack what goes on
there but in the meantime we're we're
looking at markets now headed back to
charts and still with us for some final
thoughts Lawrence Balanos talent
technical analyst at CLSA. He's been
here of course for a conference. You've
been presenting of course to clients and
I'm curious the feedback perhaps not
completely under your purview, but
what's the feedback you're getting as
far as the technicals do indicate
there's a breakout there outside of the
US?
>> What about the earning story though? How
does that how does can you square that
circle for us? Yeah, I mean I think for
a lot of investors and that they've come
out to see sort of companies and sit in
front of them is to try and sort of
backfull when is the earnings going to
back up the price action that you've
seen. So potentially we've seen you know
markets head ahead of the the turnaround
in the earning side. Uh but you've seen
some big gap ups you know if I just look
at the price action for example trip.com
or Alibaba the reaction to its results
>> um you know the market is rerating on
the back of that. So, you know, results
might not be stellar, but the price
action is good. So, it does look like
the market's anticipating what wasn't as
bad and you're getting these trends
developed and they look pretty
meaningful and significant and the
potential further erating from these
bases that we've seen.
>> That's important. Yeah.
>> Uh you've been talking about the healthc
care space as well. Is it more kind of
like the rotation out of China
consumption more into some of these
biotech sort of names now that you're
seeing or
>> Yeah. So, definitely the China consumer
side. If we go through you know the
underlying components of that sector
it's very much more selective. Uh the
broader index has been underperforming
the China market. So the Msei consumer
um discretionary space has been an
underforming space but within that
there's one or two stocks that look
attractive and definitely healthcare has
been a leader from April breaking out
early leading the market higher and you
know last week we got a fresh breakout
signal if we look at the the broader
broader index. So yeah, another key
component that you know still looks like
this further upside.
>> Yeah. I mean it's been under love
compared to tech.
>> Yes.
>> Consumer discretionary. So so where do
you think that story goes between
relatively between those two?
>> I would I would say so I think if you
just single out China tech so there's
another ETF CQQ which is the equivalent
to the QQQs in in the US that is
actually outperform performing China
internet. And that's highlights the fact
that it's more the tech focused side.
that's outperforming the consumer side
because the biggest difference in K web
versus the China tech ETF is the
discretionary names basically. So that's
one way you can sort of decipher you
know what's the key driver here. Um but
to go back to the question of healthcare
you know I think that at least performs
in line with the tech side of things and
you also have the China clean tech story
which is also another breakout and we
rating. So those three themes I think
healthcare clean tech as well as broader
tech is I think the key components
driving the upside here.
>> Okay you've been talking about breakouts
um tell us a bit more about what you're
watching in terms of levels for HSI
shares and the like. Well, so HSCI is
quite interesting. As you saying earlier
on, the Asshare market sort of got the
limelight uh through late August uh into
the start of September. Uh and during
that period, we had HSCI really
consolidate uh below this uh 9,300 area.
We've got this very narrow range that,
you know, we're on the cusp of breaking
out to resume the uptrend. And that will
give us, you know, an upside target, a
immediate upside target of 9,800. But if
I take a step back just to put this into
perspective, the 2022 2024 lows form
this major double bottom pattern and
that suggests that ultimately the HSCI
trades up to 12,000. So you know that's
the longerterm story and the shorter
term story a break above this 9,380 just
reinforces that original breakout. So
trend action basically.
>> Yeah, I think you do see though that
double bottom on the index on the price
itself. So I think 12,000 takes us
pretty much back to
>> 21 highs. 2021 highs, right? Also
forming a double bottom actually is one
of your other charts which might be
similar here which is the when you do
Msei China against SPY and I think we're
going to bring that up as well. And I
think you've also highlighted the the
double bottom there. We're bringing that
up visually so our viewers can just help
follow uh the conversation here. So what
we've done is we put a ratio in and
there it is for you. So tell us where
does this chart go? What does this chart
tell you?
>> Yeah. So I I think again the the message
that we're getting from the price action
in absolute terms for the HSCI for the
Msei China versus the S&P is that China
bottomed in 2024. That's what the charts
are telling us is that having derated
significantly from the 2021 highs 2024
2024 was the basing pattern. We've
broken out of that and that provides a
platform for a continuation of the
rerating of China versus S&P which you
see there which you know reflects
similar to the world XUS versus S&P but
it also highlights the the breakout in
absolute terms that we've seen.
>> How important a signal have volumes and
turnover been for you? The fact that
they've come back and how much
conviction can we place on that as far
as the price action is concerned? Yeah,
I always go with price and momentum as
my starting point and I think that's 80%
of the trade setup. But volume is just
another reinforcing factor that's coming
through there. And I probably think the
important part for investors to sort of
understand is the influence of
southbound flows now averaging over 30%
of total volume in Hong Kong is that
we've really got a new uh market
participant driving the market high and
maybe slightly different behavioral
characteristics than we've seen before.
But I think that's another key driver
rerating um rerating the Hong Kong
market too.
>> What metrics do you look at for at least
you know signs of overheating in this
market? People talk about margin trading
and the like. I mean are there
>> certain we've got some internal
sentiment indicators you know we look uh
some of our team look at the number of
new accounts been open on the mainland
and that's still not an extreme what
we've seen before. So if you look at it
versus the 2015 uh peaks you know we not
seen that extreme yet. Yes, it is
picking up u but we haven't seen any of
those extremes that'll get us cautious
on it. The momentum indicators that we
track are confirming the highs. So, one
of the things that I look at from a
price action perspective, if you're
making new highs and you really seeing
waning momentum, that's a sign of
maturity. But, you know what we're
getting now is new breakouts and
momentum confirming that.
>> Um, talk to us about Japan then.
Speaking of breakouts, because that that
wasn't on my bingo card this week, the
breakout given of course there was a
catalyst that we didn't really see in
terms of the politics, but yeah, where
does Nicke go from here?
>> Yeah, it's quite interesting because we
we broke out in July, we pulled back to
that breakout area which was around
40,000 and we've moved higher once again
and and the trading range that we're
referring to or the breakout, you know,
dates back to the August 2022 lows and
the April lows of this year and getting
through that 40,000 area suggests that
Nicki has got an upside target of
52,000.
>> Wow. Wow.
>> So remember that's one of the big
waitings within the MCL World XUS. It's
uh Japan and Europe. And I think Japan
having underperformed Europe late last
year and the start of this year is now
starting to make back some of that lost
ground versus Europe. So Japan over
Europe too.
>> All right. Um Lawrence, thank you. I
think we covered
>> pretty much everything. Yeah. And then
like once things start breaking out
again, we're not talking about acne and
pimples here.
>> I was going to say we're past our
adolescent sort of era. It's not a
dermatologist conversation taking place
here.
>> But yeah, certainly talking about
breakouts in tech, Alibaba, the like
here. Certainly, that's one thing that
have been on the top of mind for a lot
of investors. But yeah, you know, if you
want to go check out charts, everything
else, GTV go
>> is where we're going to go. You can look
at the charts, of course, the one that
we just highlighted with Lawrence
earlier on. Plenty of analysis there and
charts you can save as well for your
future reference. All right, we're
checking gold.
>> Oh, well, speaking of breakouts, here we
go.
They they keep pulling me back in
>> 3645.
>> New record.
>> New record. Um certainly on what we've
been seeing the Fed cut rate cut seems
to be a done deal here right now. There
you go. New all-time high for the
precious metal. Penny Warhead. This Mrs.
We'll break.
[Music]
Welcome back. Some corporate stories
we're following right now. We're
tracking shares of Samsung SKH Highex
after and there you go on your screens
after the US proposed annual approvals
for exports of chipm supplies to their
factories in China. Lots of information
there. Now, it's a compromise really
aimed at preventing disruption to the
global electronics industry and it's
after officials revoked uh Biden era
waiverss that then let those companies
more easily get such shipments. Now,
Chinese EV giant BYD is ramping up its
European expansion, unveiling new models
and opening up more showrooms as it
seeks to offset a bruising price war at
home. Now, the company expects to
operate over a thousand stores across 32
countries in the region by year's end.
BYD has also expanded its European
lineup to 13 models, more than double
the six it offered two years ago.
>> All right, uh sticking to some of the
car makers and the like. Well, President
Trump's made in USA push is hitting some
speed bumps. Hundreds of people have
been detained after a recent immigration
raid at Hyundai and LG's EV battery
venture in Georgia. It has exposed a
contradiction in Trump's economic
strategy which relies on foreign
companies to bring jobs and production
to the US. Let's bring in Yoko Lee. She
joins us now from Seoul. And this sort
of story is really highlights the
challenges a lot of these Asian
companies are dealing with when it comes
to investment in the US which doesn't
seem to square with the visa policies
that they have to undergo. Tell us more
about what's going on. Why can't Korean
companies hire and train Americans like
Trump said?
Yeah. So the President Trump's response
to the latest raid was that uh maybe a
Korean expert will have to train more
American workers so they can work there.
But I think it's important to note that
a lot of these detain I think all the
detained um detainees have been working
at the construction and the installation
of the machinery before the factories
went up and running. So a lot of these
people seem to be intended intending to
return to home country once the
installation was done. And if you think
about the battery manufacturing a lot of
the expertise have been built in Asia,
South Korea and China. So so installing
and constructing these type of factories
uh which involves a very high-tech
technology requires years of experiences
and expertise that can't be uh passed
along overnight. So uh but the but there
are seem to be the very limited option
for these employees uh for the
short-term business trips to the United
States.
Now Yukong the the other thing that this
has sort of brought into the spotlight
were the visa issue visa issue the
companies are struggling with. How does
this then go into that you know separate
conversation? What do we now know about
that separate issue?
>> Yes. So the visa policy has been uh uh
been in the spotlight since the raid
because um we still don't know exact
conditions or whether these detainees
have violated immigration law or not.
But it looks like from the past
practices by the Korean companies a lot
of the employees uh have been going to
the US for the short-term um visa or the
visa waiver program which explicitly
prohibit um employment in the United
States. But it looks like because of
some of the uh uh because there were no
uh exact alternatives that the companies
could have resorted to uh they've been
using these um uh visa waiver or the B1
short-term visa that allows attending
conferences uh to uh send their
employees for the factory construction
and or for some short-term business
trips. that looks like to be the ones
that in question and however um for
these companies uh and the workers to uh
seek the longer term uh work permit in
the US um uh there were there seem to be
a lot of restrictions and hurdles for
them to navigate um and and and to we
have to also note that these employees
may not be needed in the US after the
construction of the company of the
factories are completed.
Hm. Uh what does this mean for South
Korean companies that are operating in
the US right now? Obviously, this is
probably setting a chill across many
industries. What's the been the reaction
so far?
>> Yes, from Soul. Um the newspaper, the
front page have been carrying the photos
of the Korean employees getting detained
and shackled by the US officials in the
uh in Georgia and that's been sending
chill and anger across the nation. So I
I was looking at the poll by uh by the
local newspaper about 14 companies
operating uh US operating in the US and
more than half of them that said they
may have to reconsider uh uh they have
to consider adjusting their operations
in in the United States and some of them
said they may have to postpone the
construction or the opening of the
factories. So this does have implication
to their US um investment plans and
remember South Korea has pledged
billions of investment in the United
States just two weeks ago when President
Lee Jamyang met with President Trump for
the first time. So um we are expecting
some hurdles and growing uncertainties
about how the South Korean companies are
going to operate in the United States.
And one newspaper said that they might
even consider it might be cheaper to
build goods in South Korea and export to
the United States than building those
goods in the United States given these
growing uncertainties and hurdles that
they have to navigate.
>> Yeah, a lot of decisions ahead there it
seems. Yoko, thank you. Look there uh
joining us from Seoul with the latest.
We got plenty more ahead. This is
Wilberg.
[Music]
Some big stories that we're tracking for
you this morning. Brazil's president
Louise Inasi Lua D Silva has condemned
the use of tariffs as a form of
blackmail. This comes as Chinese
President Xi Jinping warns that trade
wars are disrupting the global economy.
Both men made the comments during a
brick summit held against the backdrop
of President Trump's targeting of the
block's members.
>> Economic globalization is an
irresistible trend of history. Countries
cannot thrive without an international
environment of open cooperation. And no
country can afford to retreat to
self-imposed isolation.
[Music]
The US has imposed sanctions on a
network of cyber scam centers operating
in Southeast Asia. Now, it's part of a
push to pressure operations accused of
using forced labor to defraud Americans
of billions each year. The Treasury
Department targeted nine entities in
Myanmar and 10 in Cambodia, where
workers are allegedly forced to run
virtual currency investment scams. The
International Criminal Court has
postponed a hearing on the confirmation
of charges against former president of
the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte. Now
the court says the delay will allow
sufficient time to determine whether he
is fit to stand trial. Duterte faces
charges linked to his anti-narcotics
campaign which left thousands dead.
>> All right, just a look across these
markets. A lot of
factors are now aligning for what is now
I just noticed is a Hen tech index at
5832 that's now trading at the highest
level in fact since March 19 of this
year. So we've taken out the recent high
which means we're now back to levels
even before liberation day. Um, so we'll
see what happens with this and as you
can see the drivers there are everything
from the big tech place plus including
of course the city note around uh some
of the
>> healthare
>> healthcare and insurance names that they
think might benefit from the recent
policy push
>> if we're going to see some more sort of
policies around how to at least help the
problem with aging population and maybe
the needs of of of insurance uh there.
So certainly that could be the play uh
they mentioned there as well. Um but you
mentioned right Alibaba Health's doing
very very well but Alibaba itself right
we continue to see sentiment over this
stock it basically used to be kind of
like the one that was hit when it comes
to food delivery concerns and the like
and now it's become almost like the best
AI trade out there in China.
>> Yeah it was the one that got away and
what now has t been taken away is the
140 handle on Alibaba. Um so we're now
looking at yeah this is obviously
separate from Alibaba Health 99.88 is a
ticker there. uh we're now trading at
141 a pop and I mean which now begs the
question we're also at the highest level
here since mid-March and I'm looking at
some of the uh technicals in this and it
does seem this is a stock that's really
has some decent if not strong momentum
behind it
>> it really started with I guess the
earnings you know the surprise that we
saw when it came to the AI related
revenue which we saw a surge and then on
Monday I mean it it had the big release
of this open-source AI model and co-led
this whole funding round in a robotic
startup So there's certainly plenty of
catalysts out there and that's why we
are seeing 141 for that stock right now.
>> Okay, there we go. U and I guess we
speaking of cattle, we could see further
more details coming through out of this
briefing and happening in a couple of
minutes. So stay tuned for that. Apart
from that, uh the rest of the market
looks good. Hench is doing this 1.2% to
the upside. Apart from this, also taking
place this hour is gold hitting new
highs. And you know our guest this hour
Lawrence Balano talked about the recent
catalyst for gold was really this he
drove it back to the yield story.
>> It wasn't the dollar weakness like he's
like basically you know gold has been
kind of in a trading range since April
and what really triggered it was what
we've been seeing in the long end right
when we started to see 30-year yields
globally shoot up that was the next
trigger really for gold to shoot higher
as well.
>> Yep. And of course coming up in the next
hour we have a guest who can talk about
and the main thesis is there there is
some unintended concentration risk in
your portfolio. So liquid alternatives
and of course we'll be talking about
that of course with Russ uh if Jack in a
couple of minutes. Also joining us of
course to talk us through Indonesia that
market opens up in the next hour is OCBC
and really where we go from here and
what we need to look for from the next
finance ministry there. So we will have
a lot more coming up in the next hour of
the China show. Stay tuned for that as
most of these markets start breaking out
of zone 2.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. A look
at the HSI half of session. You know,
we're all back at work. Seems like this
typhoon is behind us here right now. And
take a look at this equity market. Woo!
Breakout could be in store here
according to CLSA's technical analyst
Lawrence Baleno. You know, they came up
with a very interesting note about
unleashing the dragon. When you take a
look at the breath, when you take a look
at momentum breakouts in China and Hong
Kong, they say, "Look, it's time to
really look very closely at this
broadening of these international
markets. Don't focus just on the US." He
says
>> yeah look at Europe, look at Japan, look
at China, look at Hong Kong, buy
international markets, not US small caps
as a thesis there. Um out of CLS to say
when they look at uh when they look at
the charts and why not, right? You are
getting some momentum coming through.
The other conversation though that has
yet to really align is really the
earning story and when that will
eventually eventually follow. I mean not
to also mention the earning story has
mostly been a MAG7 story up until maybe
recently where that started to fade. Um
Torson Sllock had a very good insightful
note. I think it was yesterday that
highlighted the concentration risk has
been immense
>> amidst an earning story that's been
slightly pulling back from the mag 7 and
into the broader markets. So I think the
thesis there is is there still the same
amount of reason in gusto uh to be in
the mag 7 that's for a separate
conversation later on. Indonesia is
opening up today and right now following
what was really a terrible session going
into the close yesterday. we are
extending uh the declines there
following I think it was uh over a 1%
drop into the close plus a 2.4% 4% drop
in the ETF overnight and again the very
fluid story as far as politics goes
there.
>> I think it wasn't a huge surprise that
the finance minister was removed that
was something that was certainly in
speculation but the fact that it has
happened now raises a lot of questions
about obviously you know fiscal
discipline into this economy that
certainly you know people viewed Idraati
as sort of the the defender of of
Indonesia's excellent death profile. She
had investors trust. she was, you know,
seen as a sign of financial stability.
So, what does this mean now on overall
the government and how they pursue and
try to appease at least protesters on
the ground moving forward too?
>> Yeah. Um, and not that the new finance
minister doesn't have a resume. It's per
I mean perhaps the argument for now is I
think the Indati was finance minister if
I'm not mistaken 16 in the last
>> yes
>> 20 years. So the global investors have
been very familiar and it's almost like
I was thinking about this analogy
earlier on. It's almost like breathing
or your heart rate like you're not
supposed to notice it, right? It's the
fact that you're not noticing your heart
is a good thing. Yes.
>> Right. No news is good news and the fact
that it's been a relatively steady store
as far as that's concerned and perhaps
it could be changing might be a might be
a cause of concern and who knows of
course where that story goes. I think we
were talking to our team Indonesia
Bloomberg economics was you know talking
about what led to this sort of
replacement and it seems like there was
a bit of point of contention between
Herbo as well asati on you know how much
they could actually maintain that fiscal
restraint in the face of these protests
right when you're talking about cost of
living when you're talking about
inequality uh in this economy so
certainly that might have been the
ultimate trigger and what happened here
but you know a lot of questions there
let's bring in our guest to talk about
what this change means for the country.
Levana Vegaeshwan there, senior Azan
economist at OCBC. She joins us now.
Levana, it's great to have you. Um, can
the government actually maintain fiscal
discipline withoutati?
>> Thank you for having me. That's a really
good question and I think at this point
uh our answer is yes. Uh, we do believe
that the fiscal deficit is not going to
exceed the 3% of GDP legal limit. But
the real question here is how is the
government going to rebalance the
expenditure profile and how is it going
to create more revenues for itself in
order for the government to be able to
focus on these new priority projects.
The pressure really has been coming from
the fact that we've seen cut back in uh
regional transfers. uh we've seen
cutbacks in certain uh type of central
government expenditures related uh to
R&D as well as uh uh uh conferences and
so on and I think uh there's a sense
that there needs to be a kind of
rebalancing. Uh what's interesting is
that capex capital expenditures have
actually been still quite strong in
terms of growth. uh so as we go forward
I think the way the expenditure profile
is going to be rebalanced uh will be
very crucial to understand where the
fiscal deficit ultimately ends up.
>> Yeah. You know this this Levia David
here by the way thank you for joining
us. This you know this pendulum swing
between fiscal discipline not mutually
exclusive but the swing towards populist
policies for example which tends to be
the opposite of fiscal discipline not
all the time. Where do you think that
middle ground should be given you know
the current pain point of the economy
which is inequality?
>> Hi David good morning and thank you for
having me again. Um I I do think that
there will be a little bit of give in
terms of populist measures. I think
there is an inherent uh pressure
building uh for fiscal policies to be
geared in that direction particularly
because we have seen anger erupt on the
streets. The question is how much give
is there? Uh is there room uh to uh
spend a little less on say the free meal
scheme or readjust uh for other flagship
schemes uh in order to provide this give
for households. It really remains to be
seen the extent to which that will
happen. But uh I think going into the
second half of this year our base case
would assume that there is a little bit
of rebalancing that comes in to the
fiscal picture particularly when it
comes to some of these measures and
where I do think there will be a cut
back is in capex right and I think
that's why we do have a much slower
growth profile for the second half of
this year at 4.7% compared to 5% in the
first half of this year.
>> All right. Um we have some lines now uh
from boom uh from BI here the central
bank in Indonesia. So uh they are
talking about strengthening of
stabilization measures via the NDF spot
and government bonds also they said they
have it in the market to ensure rupia
moves at a fundamental value. So this is
because of what we're seeing here with
the the currency as well. It actually
has sli slid about 1% on the back of
this news ofati exiting. So certainly
the BI has been intervening in this
overall. You know does this change the
calculus at all for bank Indonesia. I
think city had an interesting call that
you might have to delay that next rate
cut from the central bank. Now
>> uh yes I I I I do tend to agree with
that. I think in against this backdrop
uh delivering another rate cut uh may
require a lot more justification than
necessary. So I think uh there is a very
strong case for Bank Indonesia to wait
and watch out this episode of
volatility. Uh and we do expect another
25 basis point rate cut from BI this
year but it's probably more likely
towards the uh November or December
meetings considering BI has monthly
meetings. Uh there is still some room uh
to deliver this cut at least when we
look at the rest of the calendar year.
>> Uh the new finance minister SEWA talk to
us about him. What what do you
understand about his credentials? He is
a seasoned economist of course and I
wonder the reason I ask you that is I
wonder if the market's not giving him
the benefit of the doubt here.
>> To be fair to him, I think uh these are
big shoes to fill, right? And I think
anyone who is coming into this position
is probably going to be facing the fact
that they're dealing with a legacy here.
Uh I think Shri Mulani and Raati has
been there 14 out of the last 20 years
which means like you say she's a very
steady pair of hands and when you're
moving from something that you are so
well aware of and you you trust so much
in uh to someone who is still relatively
unknown there are a lot more questions
than answers. So I think in that sense
he has big shoes to fill but to be fair
to him like you say his credentials are
strong. Uh he has been chief economist
of Danadaskka securities. He has worked
with the government in many capacities
uh in the last decade or so. So he does
have experience. The question is how is
he going to bring that experience to the
ministry of finance particularly at a
time where things are looking a little
bit more challenging growth momentum is
slowing the focus is on the fiscal
numbers. Uh so I think uh it remains to
be seen uh what approach he's going to
take. uh but as far as his paper
credentials go he is strong as you
mentioned but uh I think for anyone to
come into Shrimulani shoes it was always
going to be um a bit of a a sort of
challenge
>> yeah big shoes to fill as you say
leavana um this is coming at a time when
you know bank Indonesia and the
government were about to restart this
sole burden sharing agreement and and
how to monetize state spending what are
the implications of this sort of polic
policy and and what what would make it a
success without Idraati? Now
>> I think communication is key when it
comes to these kind of strategies. So we
do need to hear a lot more about the
details of these strategies particularly
from Bank Indonesia as well as from the
government as and when they go through
with it. Uh we do know that these
policies are probably here to stay until
one of the flagship programs is
completed. So there is room for greater
communication to build, greater trust to
build with investors. Uh ideally a lot
of this information should have uh needs
to be provided upfront uh so that
investors are well aware of what's going
on uh which will assuage a fair bit of
risk when it comes to perceptions around
the fiscal situation as well as debt.
>> Uh Levana, do we need to talk about risk
to sovereign ratings or is that a story
that's still far away?
I think uh I I mean I think there's some
pressure there. Uh but it's not
something that we expect imminently. Uh
and to be fair, Indonesia's credit
ratings have been quite strong. Uh we've
seen that most of them are on stable uh
on a stable outlook which does mean that
at least for the next uh 12 to 18
months. Uh
Saddawa will be given uh the runway to
prove himself as finance minister. But
we do have to closely watch uh the tone
of incoming policies and particularly uh
how they change the expenditure revenue
mix in order for us to get a sense of uh
what credit rating agencies could be
thinking down the road.
>> Uh BI continues to talk about
intervening to maintain Rupia stability.
Levana, I'm wondering um they've been
through sort of FX volatility like this
before. I'm just wondering do they have
the means to to make sure to stem this
decline as much as possible?
They do have FX reserves which uh total
about $150 billion. Uh and I think you
know BI has been very communicative when
it comes to their strategy in the
markets and it is to stem volatility as
you say. So there is a sense that during
these periods of excess volatility they
don't want to see very sharp moves and
they are here to back up uh or try and
smooth out these moves. uh ultimately
they do have some firepower when it
comes to FX reserves but it's a question
of how much of that you want to really
utilize right uh so if this bout of
volatility the sooner it passes the
better honestly so I think that's
they're just waiting to try and ride out
this wave
thank you so much for taking the time
and yeah we figure we'll we won't be
talking we won't have to wait for too
long before we speak to you again thank
you so much for the insights as well
on there of OCBC DC uh in in Singapore
for us. And as we were just talking,
Ivonne was just asking that last
question. Of course, Bank Indonesia um
is intervening uh to keep the currency
stable and uh will obviously be in the
market. And it's not like this is a
situation that they is unfamiliar to the
central bank. Of course, they've been
there uh in in similar situations
>> and they have been actually pretty good
uh when it comes to actually maintaining
that stable currency as well. So
certainly one thing, but yeah, as as
Levana mentioned as well, the timing of
that next rate cut might be in question
now as well. Coming up on the China show
though, we're going to talk about AON.
Now joining us to discuss how investors
are navigating Fed policy shifts, global
uncertainties, geopolitical conflicts,
and the unintended concentration risk
that he says he's been seeing among some
of his clients as well. Russ Evanjack
joins us coming up next. Sister
Bloomberg
[Music]
doesn't feel to me like the policy rate
is extraordinarily restrictive at the
moment when you look at risk appetite.
And so, you know, risk appetite is
definitely, you know, out on what I'd
say is the more exuberant end of the
spectrum.
Goldman Sachs CEO David Solomon there
speaking at the annual Barclay's global
financial services conference in the US
overnight as well. Meanwhile, there's a
lot of talks about where we are in this
sort of equity rally, right? When you're
talking about the S&P hitting what 21
records
>> alltime highs this year, uh you are we
heading into this Fed rate meeting um
with a rate cut seems to be 100% priced
in. Is that going to be a bit of a
danger? I think JP Morgan, the traders
out there, they're saying, "Look, there
could be a warning out there that there
could be a sell the new sort of event as
investors pull back." They see that as a
pretty big risk there just given how we
are entering into one of the worst
months of the year for US stocks and the
Fed is cutting.
>> Yeah, that that's September and October
and I think the fact that there is if
even if you try looking very very hard,
there's no dry powder in terms of what
the positive catalysts are, right?
Because when you look at the earning
story, good but valuations are full.
>> You know, if we get more than four cuts
priced and that becomes a problem in
terms of the economic outlook, right?
>> And I think when you look at what's
outperformed, right, the catalyst this
week has been rising yields and the
problems around fiscal
>> health there. And gold's been reactive
to that, right? It's broken out of this
range since about I think it's March to
about July. And I think the chart that's
coming up on your screens if not already
is going to show you gold just a couple
of minutes ago hitting a new record
right 3651. I mean is this the case for
alternatives
given the US equity market while good
remains perhaps too good for its own
good. Uh let's bring in Russ Ivanjack,
global chief investment officer at AON
to help us understand the conundrum of
why too much of a good thing is is a bad
thing here. Russ and you how do you
approach now where do I find my returns?
>> Well, first off, thank you for having
me. Really appreciate it. Look forward
to spending a couple days in Hong Kong
with colleagues, investment managers,
and institutional investors at our
wealth insights event.
>> Um, where do you find your return? You
>> That's the question you're going to get
there. Yes, you'll continue to see in
the equity markets if you have a
long-term horizon. Okay.
>> Uh but the key thing that we're
emphasizing with our clients is this
unintended concentration that they find
in their portfolios because the equity
markets have been so strong the past 5
years. And the top 10 names if you're
just in US represents 40% of your
portfolio. If you look globally, that's
20% of your portfolio. So you need to
diversify um not only in equities but
also in fixed income because you can't
just be in government bonds and
corporate bonds. You have to move out
into securitized into private credit
like direct lending, asset back
securities, securitized credit. They
offer pretty compelling yields at this
point in time and help diversify
portfolios.
>> Can you tell us how we got there? How
did it become an unintended sort of
concentration?
The unintended concentration is a result
of the equity markets one you know
coming out of co all the fiscal stimulus
globally that was put forth and then you
had a handful of companies perform
incredibly well and their valuations are
up but also their their earnings are up
so they've grown tremendously and
investors if you just held your an
equity portfolio whether it's an index
fund or an active manager
>> you did well and so that concentration
because of really the you know the
magnif and seven doing so well. If you
take a step back and look at your
portfolio,
>> you are now dependent on about eight
names driving your performance.
>> The why not why look that far into
alternatives. Why not still look in
equity markets where
you could make the argument at least
this year there are other parts of the
global equity market that are doing
well. Japan,
>> Europe's done well. China
>> recently China started to
>> um break out of of recent ranges.
>> Well, we've always advocated to our
clients invest globally in equities. But
the key thing there is there's so much
volatility and uncertainty that as this
unintended concentration has come
forward. You need to diversify. So we've
been advocating not only what I talked
about in fixed income but also into
infrastructure, private infrastructure.
So utilities, transportation, renewable
energy, data centers helps build a
ballast in the portfolio or really more
resilient. And then we've also advised
clients to really look at diversifiers
that includes hedge funds, so relative
value, global, macro, and also insurance
link securities.
>> What what are your clients doing? I know
you're here to talk and have a lot of
meetings. Are are they are they are they
noticing the complacency maybe that you
are seeing in the equity market? Are
they de-risking right now? Um there is a
bit of complacency because you look at
how well portfolios have done.
>> Yeah. Like why change, right?
>> And you're saying why change? You know,
and what we call we try to call this how
do you minimize your regret of making
that move into a new area.
>> Sounds like dating advice.
>> Yes. Um and so that complacency has been
built just a little because returns have
been good in the equity markets. But
yes, uh our corporate pension clients
globally are in a good position. Many
are 100% funded or more than 100%
funded. So they've been de-risking,
moving out of equities, more into fixed
income to match their liabilities. But
if you think about US endowments and
foundations, they need more current
income. They've been very heavily into
private equity, they now because the
volatility that we're seeing in the US,
they need more current income to really
meet their requests.
>> And so those are the key things we've
been talking to clients about. And also
you just need the other theme we call it
get real. And it's get real is really
making sure you have real estate in your
portfolio and private infrastructure. So
those real assets provide
diversification.
>> Interesting the the concept you brought
up of being able to meet current current
obligations. It goes into the broader I
guess concerns of some investors over
what's the message over illquidity
premiums as you go into private markets
you'll need to deal with
>> perhaps not being able to access your
capital
>> or being you know there's there's a
price to pay for that. uh there is and
that's why you expect a premium for
moving into the illquid asset classes
like private equity, private credit
infrastructure. Um I will say that the
investment management marketplace or
managers have been innovating in terms
of the types of vehicles that investors
can access these investments for. So
there's a bit more liquidity than we're
used to, but careful planning and how
you pace your investments in as well as
you receive the cash flows from those
investments and they're harvested.
>> Right. I mean there has been a nent
trend of securitizing
some private market assets into the
public markets and I wonder
>> it's very murky now right fine line
between the two
>> does that solve the problem or does it
make it worse like are are we forcing
private markets to behave like public
markets
>> when we want to diversify out of public
markets like where's your head on that
>> uh that's a great question and really we
see it's a continuum they are converging
both the public and private markets and
that's why we're seeing vehicles include
both private market investments along
with public market investment. So
institutional investors and we're even
seeing on the wealth side or retail
investors having access to this because
there was a bit more liquidity. You
don't have to wait seven years get your
money back. So there are mechanisms by
which you can manage liquidity in the
portfolios and we see that particularly
in private equity with secondaries
>> Russ it's good to have you here in the
region. Russ Ivanjack there global chief
investment officer at ION here in the
Hong Kong studios. We got plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's
some corporate reads or stories that
we're tracking for you today. China's
Unit Tree Robotics is reportedly
planning an IPO that could value the
startup at up to $7 billion. Now,
Reuters says the firm also plans to list
on Shanghai's technology focused Star
Market. Earlier, Unit Tree said it would
submit filings to list as soon as next
month, and the move could offer
investors insight into the finances of
one of the country's most prominent
robot developers.
Love this video. Tamu is slashing prices
to win back US shoppers after President
Trump's tariff changes, battered sales.
Now, Bloomberg data show prices on its
top items are down 18% on average since
April, with some cuts as steep as 60%.
Now, the PDD owned platform had briefly
pulled back from the US with its sales
plunging over 30% during some weeks in
June.
>> Yeah, a font size four. Trust us. There
we go. We're increasing the font size to
the normal I think 16 is our standard
orun uh for the markets graphics and on
your screens. There we go. Um oh, a nice
line of sevens there. Okay. Uh property
stocks in focus and I think Country
Garden's doing decently well today.
Today we're up 33%. Of course, it's uh
we're trading in cents, so that's uh
relatively lower bar. Do we know why?
Anyway, no, we'll we'll we'll try and
figure out why we're are looking at
these property stocks, but again, we're
just calling your attention to the fact
that they're moving on the way up. Okay.
Um yeah, I'm being told there's no
reason like many things really in the
world if you think about it. Okay.
Vietnam is opening up after what was a
very bad session yesterday. Two and a
half% to the downside. are opening flat
if not slightly to the downside.
Southeast Asia is very much in focus uh
here today and uh Indonesia of course
which was trading up it's now trading
down in fact let me just check my
screens very quickly on the JCI uh the
currency is certainly trading on the
weaker side of things at 165 uh JCI
actually opened down flipped back mildly
positive in the first five or six
minutes and then we're now at session
lows that was I was verifying and of
course within that market heavyweights
within the Indonesian market coming up
on your screens and most of the
financials of course coming through and
uh maybe doing that pull at the denial
side one and a half% there and yeah
we've certainly the the last uh
commentary that's come through out of
the bank Indonesia was that they're
they're going to be here to stabilize
these markets currency markets
>> yeah ANZ had a pretty interesting note
that came out a couple minutes ago so
foreign outflows from Indonesia likely
there on this Moani news there they're
saying BI can be expected to intervene
uh 16,500
seen as an important level to Watch
there. We got plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading that lunch break and yeah,
lots to cheer for there. Uh now you take
a look at what it comes to this breakout
as some say in Japanese markets, right?
We are now
>> we're we're around 44. We did break
above 44,000 earlier. We come off that
just slightly here today, but we're
still up some 90 points right now.
Topics is flat, but really we continue
to see a lot of momentum into this
market here. You could say maybe the
political instability there is actually
leading to more uh flows back into Japan
once again. 14730 for dollar yen this
morning.
>> Okay. Um this week dollar story is
really coming through and
in many ways, right? So I think the gold
is one gold was one because a recent
yield meltup was really the gold story
today. Uh we're looking at em Asia
Pacific. So that's a lot in Japan.
Taiwan's doing well. It's also worth
pointing out on your screen to South
Korea which is 2 and a half% from a
record high. And also MCI Asia Pacific
is about 2.8% if memory serves me. Uh
right. Uh most sectors are trading to
the upside. I'm not I haven't looked at
volumes just yet. And of course, this
Hong Kong market is actually doing quite
well with Alibaba, last we checked,
picking out 140 bucks uh to the uh
upside. So, yeah, we will leave these
markets here for now. They're doing
well. So, why change a good thing, I
guess. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Uh continue on here maybe until we
get to the Fed that Fed meeting next
week. Certainly is going to be the key
fund to focus on. US inflation print is
next as well. Uh time for a quick look
at what's making headlines in China's
national newspapers. China Daily has
published an editorial warning that the
US against taking a confrontational
approach in their relations. The paper
we is reacting to a New York Times
opinion piece by former US officials who
called on Washington to counter Beijing
by strengthening its alliances. The
editorial says China is not trying to
challenge the US but is seeking
cooperation and calls on American
politicians to see China as quote one of
the major poles in a multi-polar world.
Now in financial papers, the Securities
Journal is reporting that the Commerce
Ministry will roll out more measures to
support services consumption. Timing
this month, the front page article says
policies will open up some internet and
culture sectors to foreign investors and
services that stand to benefit include
camping, home stays, property
management, and online healthcare. On
that note, and speaking of policy
briefings, we're taking you straight now
to this live briefing taking place, the
uh China's Ministry of Industry and
Information Technology and briefing the
media there. And the latest round coming
through here is on semiconductors.
>> Yeah, I mean the title of this briefing
is quite long, right? Vigorously
promoting new industrialization and
strengthening the foundation of the real
economy during the 14 5-year plan
period.
>> So there you go. We couldn't fit that in
a strap, but yeah. uh the but the key
thing of course is high performance
chips tech right so
>> you know just given what we've been
seeing with Nvidia and you know with H20
and really whether you know what what
Nvidia's outlook is going to be for
these Chinese market is still the key
question here as of course we have seen
rhetoric from you know China is to maybe
not buy those chips right and maybe
let's just work on our own that's why
you're seeing likes of Cabracon
>> uh SMIC I mean these are basically now
the darlings right
>> of of this market right out why people
are continuing to buy up these stocks.
>> And speaking of SMIC, of course, the
other story related to that is the
Asares are, I believe, trading today,
resuming uh trade today. But yes, we are
getting some upside when the chips are
up as they say or the opposite of that.
Um is the is the story there today. But
yeah, so far this is the only headline
on the Bloomberg so far that's dropped.
Not not to say that nothing else has
been talked about, but we will bring you
uh more details as we do find out more.
Of course, coming through from this live
briefing, which is a bit long. uh in
terms of the
>> I won't say it again
>> vigorously. There
>> let's bring it the bank's chief China
economist joining us on set. Um when you
see breakthroughs in high performance
chips tech in China there's a lot of
questions of how far we are you know in
China is in developing the next
challenger to Nvidia. I mean is this
something that you're looking at as an
economist as well or or you know overall
how big of this whole self-reliance
theme?
>> Yeah, I think it it has a uh two aspects
of it. One is certainly the
self-reliance because China still
imports quite a bit of semiconductors
currently. So similar to food supply
security, energy supply security,
semiconductor, supply security is
certainly the direction uh for the
government to push. And the second is
from a growth point of view whether it's
a semiconductor, whether it's AI,
whether it's robotics, um ship building,
aerospace, all these high techch areas,
they have been a major driver of
economic growth. Just think about China
investment right property investment
down what came up manufacturing
investment. So from a growth and bigger
picture point of view that's also a very
important pillar for China's growth
model.
>> Have we seen employment also sort of
flow into those new sectors? What's the
employment picture looking like and how
is the shift taking taking place as
well?
>> Yeah employment data are not that great.
Uh so we can only provide some anecdotes
we know. So uh AI related jobs uh from
some of the hiring platforms uh seems to
be doing well but the broader uh
employment picture uh is not so much. If
you look at all the PMIs they have the
employment sub index if you just look at
those uh you know even when we see um
the PMIs are doing okay the employment
component is not. So between you have a
weak domestic demand and you have
innovation that's um in part reduced
labor cost and reducing uh hiring. Uh so
the combination of both is putting
pressure on employment.
>> There was that local media report about
expanding some some of the consumption
sort of stimulus we've seen so far to
the services sector. How beneficial do
you think that's going to be in turning
around consumption?
>> Yeah, the government has been talking
about this for a while, right? You hear
about elderly care. You think hear about
the ice and snow economy, the sports
economy, um you know, travel and
tourist. Uh so why is the government so
focused on services? You break down GDP,
right? China still has GDP target, want
to grow the economy, exports already
very strong, investment already very big
part of the economy and then that leaves
the consumption. But goods consumption,
we had the cash for clunkers or the
consumer goods tradein program. So what
is really left that has a big room for
improvement and boost growth is services
and this is where I think the government
why the government is focusing on
services and relating to our
conversation about employment right
services are labor intensive so by
growing services you can also help
alleviate that downward pressure on the
labor market
>> that's where the multiplier effect is
going to come into play so how does that
then look so I can it's easier for me to
conceptualize
you a fiscal transfer to help goods
purchases services. I have trouble with
that sort of abstract. How how would
that work?
>> Uh this is a new area for the government
as well. I think they're experimenting
and figure things out, right? the past
few years we um you know saw some local
governments sending out coupons so you
go to restaurants and yeah so that's one
example and some local governments will
have some kind of a festival music
festival or some festival that uh
encourage people to uh sort of spend
time and leisure and and that's another
approach and then when it gets to uh say
high-end medical services and certain
education areas I think the government
may be also thinking about if we re
remove some of the restrictions from the
supply side, not from the demand side,
from the supply side, if we provide
higher quality services in areas
previously with a lot of restrictions or
oversize, could that boost uh services.
So my sense reading all these documents
and looking at what the government's
doing, they're thinking both from demand
and supply, thinking multiple areas,
still experimenting process
>> and they probably needed to offset what
potential sort of external threats,
right? I'm taking a look at the trade
data from yesterday where we did start
to see exports are starting to slow
down. US order is basically plunging for
I think the fifth straight month now
>> is is the export picture that pillar
really going to start to really shrink
now for the Chinese economy. Um if
anything I think exports have been
surprising to the upside even though
yesterday data per se was a miss um
because that's the nominal amount of
exports if you look at the real terms
number of cars and tons of steel in we
only have July data July up 10% young
year again with 30% tariff from uh the
US added this year so the entire uh
export picture has been uh pretty strong
but I do think the government is also
thinking that Um, you know, as strong as
exports are, we also need some domestic
uh driver of growth going forward.
>> One of my favorite things to do on a
Sunday is look at my email because you
guys put in there's three things on
China that comes through and one of I
think the second item this week was the
inflation print that comes out tomorrow.
And I think one of the observations you
guys made was we might actually see the
month-on-month PPI turn positive. Is
that why is that significant?
Um, if you're investor, you watch the
sequential month-on-month number very
carefully because that's leading, right?
The young years take a few months for
that number to material change because
that 11 month is already baked in the
data. Uh, if you look at the steel
prices, coal prices, uh, lithium prices,
uh, poly silicon uh, prices which goes
into solar panel, the raw material
prices did increase in July and August.
So from that point of view when you have
upstream sectors price going up whether
on expectation or actually
anti-involution related if you already
see commodity prices going up that could
translate into improving PPI sequential
inflation. Um but for the youngear
numbers that pop up on your screen
that's going to take a while uh to get
back to the positive territory.
>> So we are starting to see anti-volution
in some ways making its way right. Are
we seeing it beyond just capacity cuts
>> those sectors? Yeah.
>> Yeah. Um we're seeing a mixed picture.
Uh we're seeing for the food delivery
the companies um you know they're
communicating that the worst may be
behind us. So that's part of
anti-evolution
and we are seeing for the solar panel uh
industry they are industry association
is coordinating something. So we're
seeing a mixed picture uh of certain
actions um chemicals industry there's
document coming out of the government.
So this is a still a very much wait and
see uh for investors to figure out uh
the magnitude of action and impact of
such action.
>> Speaking of a document coming out, a
document that has come out is this
report out of you guys. The latest on
internationalizing that's another long
word actually I struggle with
internationalizing
the current. I mean it's a long process
right you settle with trade investment
currency reserve currency. Where do you
think we are on that spectrum and what's
what's next to watch? Like is this time
different?
>> Yeah. Um you're you're exactly right
that transitioning from one currency
dominance to another takes a really long
time. Uh we mentioned in the piece that
think about uh you know the the Britain
versus United States, right? United
States became the the largest economy
1870s, but the dollar didn't become the
dominant currency until 1950s. So it
does take a really long time for the
currency handover. We're not talk we
think dollar dominance is here to stay.
It's going to stay for a while. But if
you look at the disconnect between
China's economic uh share in in global
stage right around 15 20%. Versus the
China's share in the global
international finance is 2%. So there's
a big disconnect and we think there's
room for that number to grow. Uh China
has been pushing for R&B
internationalization for 15 16 years now
but the progress has been very slow. Why
do we write this report now between dd
dollarar dd dollararization another
forward
>> you did very well though
>> um and you mentioned gold look at what
gold is doing and part of that is the
desire to diversify uh and stable coin
another innovation that introduces the
challenges for uh u monetary system. So
all that complex make us think that this
time might be different. One thing
people always talk about is in terms of
the challenges is is there the political
will to loosen capital controls right
when it comes to you know this whole
internationalization of MMB and then
there's a new thing which is about
stable coins might that be something
that could disrupt the sort of kind of
evolution that you're seeing
>> yeah um both are really important
questions I think the capital controls
um you know some people would say that's
a game changer if you don't let loose
the capital control you can't really
internationalize it to some degree
that's right But we also think that
China's global share can it go from 2%
to 4%. You you're still uh climbing up
on that process. So our view is that
even with the uh capital controls
currently in place uh China's share in
the global international finance could
increase uh at some point if you want to
go further higher then perhaps the
capital controls will become a problem
and China has to think about what to do
with it.
>> And stable coins what impact? Yeah,
stable coin. I think it it's increasing
the urgency for Chinese government to do
something, right? China wants to build
this uh uh ecosystem for developing
countries and China to use R&B more,
right? But if the dollar denominated
stable coins gaining market share, right
now vast majority of the stable coins
are dollar based, right? So if that uh
you know the the the dollars running
ahead and allowing a lot of these
developing countries to use dollar
instead of R&B that adds urgency for
China to come up with alternative. Uh we
think the capital control is important
for the government. So perhaps the
offshore market Hong Kong included uh
will benefit from China's push for R&B
internationalization because you want to
keep that big onore market intact and
developing in the offshore market.
>> Fantastic. Very very well said, Huan.
Thank you so much. Uh chief economist
there at Gold. We covered everything uh
including of course the this massive
push to internationalize. I did it.
>> You did it.
>> Yeah. The the Chinese currency. Uh we
will leave it. We look at markets right
now. 26,000 in the Hen index. I think I
might not go for a haircut until the Hen
tops 29,000. But I'll think about it
anyway.
>> That Lubu costume. Maybe
>> that's 31,000.
So it'll be clean cut David in a lab ata
31 29,000 will be Michael Bolton David
plenty more ahead this is bloomberg
Michael
[Music]
globalization is an irresistible trend
of history. Countries cannot thrive
without an international environment of
open cooperation and no country can
afford to retreat to self-imposed
isolation.
[Music]
And that was Chinese President Xi
Jinping addressing a virtual gathering
of BRICS nations and certainly she and
Brazil's president Lula Ignasio. Uh Lula
Dilva also condemned the use of tariffs
as a form of blackmail. our China
economy and government editor Ellen Wong
is with us to talk us through what the
the takeaway was from this virtual
meeting. What did they talk about here?
>> So yeah, uh the message from that
meeting is a pretty familiar one if
you've been following the events of the
last week or so. Uh these countries,
they were all targets of Trump's tariffs
and they their unified message is that
tariffs are bad and then they want to
uphold multilateral and the global trade
system. uh Lula himself, Brazilian
products face tariffs up up to 50%. Uh
China faces about 40% uh that's the
weighted average and then India also
faces 50% for its purchase of Russian
oil. So Lula called this uh tariff
blackmail and then China also use words
like hedgemony to describe uh without
naming the US or Trump uh the these
tariff measures. So the message is one
of a united front against tariffs.
>> What does it mean for China, Alan? uh
for China the BRICS countries they mean
something to China as a market for its
exports uh because we've seen just from
the recent export data showing that
China's exports to the US declined 33%
year-over-year so China would be and
China's exporters would be looking
outside the US to sell some of its wear
um bricks country as she mentioned on
the zoom call basically uh make up the
world's 50% of the world's population
and 20% of total trade. So it is a
sizable market. But uh if he if he used
that statistic to try to highlight the
heft of this grouping of countries, it
also shows that 80% of trade isn't
happening among BRICS countries. And
ultimately that's precisely what Trump
is using in this trade war, which is the
power of the American consumer. Uh and
in leveraging tariffs on foreign um
products, uh Trump is trying to achieve
its his own political aims. Alan, thank
you Juan there on the latest when it
comes to that bricks virtual meeting. Uh
we're turning to Europe now in France
where President Emanuel Mcron is set to
appoint a new prime minister within days
after the premier Frantois Beru lost a
confidence vote in parliament. Let's
bring our senior news desk editor Bel
Pence uh with the latest. I mean it's
the fifth prime minister in less than
two years. It doesn't seem like who are
the are there any obvious candidates out
there?
>> Well, there are self-proclaimed
candidates for sure for a job like this.
uh but the question is uh whether Macron
can find someone who can bring a sense
of stability after this very very
turbulent period in French politics and
the and the crux of the matter is is
there anybody who can pass a budget time
is of the essence we have a big strike
planned for September 18th there are
protests happening Fitch will come out
with his update on France's cr rating at
the end of the week so markets would
really welcome a sign of stability but
just to show how difficult quote a
proposition this is the socialists
offered themselves as as a party that
could lead the next government
immediately the center right and the far
left said that would not happen so
candidates yes there are a lot of them
but who can bring together this very
fractured unwieldy coalition that
remains a question
>> I mean I had to look at the open on
French bond futures it doesn't seem like
markets are particularly perturbed about
this but not to say that the worst is
behind us but is the worst behind behind
us largely speaking or are there you
know are there potential risks down the
road here?
>> There are plenty of leis risks and
there's a good chance of volatility with
all these events still coming up and we
don't know how this is all going to play
out in French politics. There are calls
for the two things that McRone does not
want to do early elections and his own
resignation. At the same time it looks
like markets have kind of resigned to
the fact that it's going to be very very
difficult to cut the French deficit as
you said. uh a lot of it is priced in
already both in fixed income and in
equities. Uh so if it's going to be just
muddling through that might be something
that the market can take right now
outside of another external shock but
there's a chance of further volatility
for sure.
>> All right, thank you so much Mas Penser
senior news desk editor will be with
look at markets and yeah we will say our
goodbyes in in the next few minutes but
yeah stay with us we still have a couple
of minutes left.
[Music]
Okay. Uh brief look at crop at these
markets. Gold. All right. So certainly
there's a listing to talk about within
the gold space but of course the gold
price itself and as you can see on your
screens the gold mining stocks I haven't
looked but I'm sure Lahoo gold is also
doing quite well and some of the
jewelers really as a function of this
broad correlated cohorts of securities
gold hitting a new record effectively is
what I'm trying to say here
>> loo gold I got you man up 8% that's
crazy uh right now so certainly that's
one to watching also is up here as Well,
um, we're watching the China property
stocks. We were scratching our heads of
what was going on, but turns out Country
Garden was included in the Shenzhen,
Hong Kong stock connect, and there's
also been a lot of optimism around the
progress on its debt restructuring. So,
there you go. Country Garden is up 25%.
Uh, Sher as well is up double digits.
Uh, but, you know, the likes of Morning
Star saying, look, if you're looking at
any sort of major credit agreements at
Country Garden, it's all just pure
speculation at this point. So, maybe
pouring some cold water on on the trade
here this morning, but certainly one to
watch. And we're still tracking all the
moves that we're seeing around Alibaba
this morning.
>> Who would have thought, right? And we
just talked about Alibaba, which is
coming up on your screens in a moment.
Uh, it is if not already. There we go.
So, 142.
>> Wow.
>> Is a level that we have. So, we're
actually very near the high that we hit
back early this year. And let me just
look at that recent high so I have that
very accurately for you. So we closed at
on March 18 of this year. So you did the
simple math and how far we are. We're
about two bucks from that percentage
wise. You split that in half. Um and
we're very close now to effectively
recovering
uh you know the lost years of the last
couple of years, right? So beyond that,
we're back to levels last seen in 2021
here as far as Alibaba's concerned. And
who would have thought, right, we'd be
here. But yeah, here we go. And who
would have thought it's the AI trade
that seems to be underpinning all the
sort of momentum around the stock rout
before it was all about food delivery
and the competition between JD.com and
Maidto and you know the moment that the
earnings came out and we saw that surge
in AIdriven revenue and then there's no
talks of this new model that's been kind
of you know flagged as well you know it
basically has been the big trigger here
overall at Alibaba being one of the
number one bought stocks among investors
of late as well. That's it for us here
on the China show. We have Insight with
Husa Amen coming up next.
[Music]